this past week my channel reached over
3,000 subscribers and I'm just thrilled
a year ago I couldn't have believed that
I could have 3000 subs partnership and
just I wouldn't have imagined that
everyone would have liked watching all
of my videos this much so when I
realized that I was going to be getting
close to hitting three thousand subs I
knew I had to do something for it but
with school and everything going on
right now I really had no idea what I
should do I'm still working on my master
set did and that's probably not going to
be done until a few weeks after I
graduate which would be in mid-december
so be great if I can get it up by
Christmas but again that's something I'm
just really working on and it's just
taking a lot of time because there's so
many cards that need to be scanned in
before I had actually completed my
collection though I had started kind of
planning out something big to do that I
thought would guarantee me getting a
partnership because I didn't think I
qualify for it the way my channel had
stood back then so for my three thousand
subscriber video I thought I'd give kind
of a sneak peek at something big that i
will be doing in the next few months
right now i'm planning on doing this big
event probably in january maybe
February's somewhere around there but
depending on if my master set vid is up
or not I might even push it back to
later in the spring so as you can see my
background is non-existent completely
empty all the booster boxes wrappers
everything that was up is completely
gone this is what the back of my desk
looks like with nothing on it and the
reason why it's this way is so that I
would have plenty of room to show some
of the things that I'll be doing in the
future first up I'm going to be opening
up some really old school blisters these
are the trio starter blisters with
Piplup Turtwig and chimchar I have 36 of
these and that's because I wanted to
open up 36 pack
dragon frontiers this is a great ax
series with Charizard star as well as a
of quite a few other great cards in it
so this was the cheapest way to get it
was to buy the 3-pack value pack I will
also be opening up 36 packs of crystal
guardians and power keepers as well
although I do have separate purchases I
made for these before I was able to
track down the dragon frontiers so I may
actually have power keepers and crystal
Guardians packs up for sale so while
dragon frontiers openings are always
exciting I thought I would add a little
bit to that I will also be opening up 36
packs of fire red leaf green I don't
have a sealed booster box so I've put
the packs in this old triumphant box
just to keep them in one place but there
are 36 packs and we've got all four
covers Pikachu Charizard Blastoise and
Venus or fire red leaf green is an
amazing set with some great cards
obviously chards RDX being one of the
most valuable cards that you can pull
just in a set but there's also a ton of
other great cards in here as well so I'm
pretty excited about opening up some of
these old-school packs so these will be
on display as well so yeah dragon
frontiers is pretty cool fire red leaf
green is pretty cool but i thought i'd
add a little bit to that so I thought
I'd go even older and open up some neo
revelation boosters and I thought well
while I'm going old school let's go even
more amazing and go with a seal booster
box not only a sealed booster box but a
first edition booster box it's kind of
hard to see but that first edition step
is right there now go ahead and just
show this off a little bit more really
cool
so those are just three sets that I'll
be opening up next year that you can
look forward to I've got some other
things that I'll be opening up with
these as well so I'm thinking maybe
every few weeks I'll kind of add to my
background and show more of what I'll be
opening up since it's only November
there's so a few months left before I'll
actually be opening up any of this but
if you wanted to see some great openings
right now I would go check out the SMG
quest he has broken primetime pokemons
booster opening record by opening up 720
packs he's still uploading the videos
right now but that is an amazing number
of booster packs from a variety of
different sets and I would highly
recommend you check him out he's also a
really great friend and directed me to
the website where i was able to purchase
this neo revelations box he's also one
of the ones that i go to to find a lot
of other boosters as well so definitely
check out and subscribe to the SMG quest
and keep an eye out for some expansion
of this background in the future just to
see what else i'll be opening up